well does the final day of the first
week of groups with coverage presented
my mobile is I'm dreading right now by
Ben as well surely he's gonna help
translate been talk to me about that
flash pulse game because it did seem
pretty close and certainly if flash
wolves hasn't won a game yet but you
were able to secure a 2-1 so talk to me
a little bit about how you were able to
do that sometime in the park being
returned and they are WI licking hungry
nope the man totally gotten you in a
footballing asana Cosmo turtle Maria
even a taste however simple dr. Anita
just tossing or getting EE Tim I and W I
/ WT me standing on the ash Kay well I
thought that a flash wolves are very is
a very good team but unfortunately they
have not went a game so maybe I don't
know they have a poor performance this
year I feel really sorry for that
speaking of performance what do you
think is a collapse of EDG dominating
the key Langdon by smashing they are Tim
it is like of naughty when you attend
altercation cosmic saenggagi
movies or take a change from be monument
Amira's or SKT antidotes coupe and get
to court on the architects Katie Gaga
was horribly wrong Kodomo mama
bugger off Nick
well the same applies to EDD I think
they're a great team because they're one
of the you know best team in China who
prepare a lot and put it in a lot of
efforts and actually I thought that it
is it was going to win against SKT t1
however they were so great at turning
around the game so they lost in it from
that moment you really fell said and it
really felt bad for them what do you
think conversely about rng because they
look very very strong what do you think
their chances are of the whole world
championships I mean you are pondering
the audience regarding young women seem
content Amira Maria so even with the
calm and opacity Aronson and Otto keep
on Kobe Smith dominant so go ahead
don't go a little Superman and you got
those hago he's got even more talking
than the chicken orange can keep on you
can take your money around got to I'm
gonna do a lot more for some countries
well at first I thought you did see it
was better than RNG but yeah you can see
that results are opposite and I have to
start our engine play and wow I realized
that they're really good so maybe they
can make it to the finals
very good I also want to ask you about
your thoughts for next week because next
week it is so very different the way you
prepare and like teams that you play or
rather how you play those teams on one
day so how will you prepare for next
week interrogate me dad second Tom
Savini onin the champion go to Kanagawa
Sangha team don't party hopeless title
pocket and a auto seguro Chagas mica a
point igano support of appointing the
terran Tindall DJ supposedly ought okay
- sang darzee : guitar - no chiaki23 ji
mac ability a haircut frankly no this is
the era of art and sense of support so i
believe other teams are all preparing
you know for like strategies to fight
against this censor our intensive
supports therefore i think we're going
to do the same
finally i want to ask you about your
name because many pro players have crazy
names like gorillas or faker for you
your name at least in the West is a
simple and friendly name so how did you
come up with your name and why did you
decide that the name is Finn they are
that's a gorilla fake oh you don't see
cuomo mom on everybody it's noonday but
it's also gotten your witness Hong Kong
he's got to get across attending him
take him down again single I need a
minimal yeah so you don't miss getting
Coquina missing you kinda
Tommy I usually take a portable a
certain day and they showed an emulator
on contango to cantar was wrong cream
sundae arabic a croquette so critical
paneer on teen hunk o burnin contagious
when I was I asked to come up with my
nickname I didn't really know what to do
but I usually like simple simple ideas
and something I thought about something
that people could recognize easily and
I'm also a fan of a Korean female singer
whose name is Ben very very good is
there anything that you would like to
say to any of the fans did Amida chicken
blue team pen durante the moon comes out
terrible is it Arizonians of either one
body back with cynical to critic a
put-up kill well first of all i
sincerely say my thanks to all the WETA
fans and I really appreciate your
cheering for our team at the venue as
well it actually supports us a lot so
we'll try our best to
now pay your back with more victories
very good thank you so much for the
interview Thank You Shirley for the
translation for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel thanks so much for
watching another one of my worlds
interviews I want to give a shout out to
mobile it's my coverage sponsor for this
event they are all about helping you
identify your personal strengths and
weaknesses and legal legends so you can
get better and by the way they are also
doing a giveaway so check that out in
the comments and you can sign up at
mobile xgg / Travis